hey everyone this is Chris keys for
guitar Tom hang at the LAN field 2010
I'm hanging here with my friend Jim some
scumbag speakers how you doing today Jim
good how you doing not too bad so tell
me about what you got loaded in this
first cab over here I know this is a
it's not a new but it's goodie so tell
me about it
they're the M 75 65 watt speakers
they're basically patterned after the
old 60s pre-roll ad g12 M greenbacks
only with a higher temperature voice
coil so you can run a hundred watt amp
through a single four twelve cab
basically set it up so that it has the
same breakup characteristics and tone of
the old greenbacks that are all broken
in an earlier clip with Dave Friedman's
amp the naked here the white one and
that previous clip but what's loaded in
this cabin I know it's new to the show
this is a new speaker I just worked on
earlier this year with Jim Weider of the
band Jim got ahold of me because he
wanted to get a new speaker that had a
little bit more bottom end than a
greenback but not as much high end as a
as a G 12 H 30 so we worked on three or
four different models and finally came
up with the J 75 it's got a little bit
bigger magnet than the G 12 M greenback
or the M 75 so that it holds together
better for detuned tones and for having
a little bit more in-your-face tone
basically winds up being a mix of the
tone halfway between an M and an H 75
guys you know is emphasized on guitars
and amplifiers rightfully so but a lot
of times speakers don't get a lot of
play so tell me a little bit more about
your company that maybe people might not
know about to come back well the history
is basically I bought 400 old pre role
of celestials costing seventy seven
thousand dollars over eight years and I
picked the best ones and I contacted Ted
Weber Weber vsd and we worked out a
proprietary recipe for the speaker's
Weber makes my speakers in a proprietary
basis is a unique cone treatment design
suspension etc and they're only
available through me but they worked out
so well that they're probably looking at
at six years later and thirteen thousand
speakers sold going cat
you know when he tried to give this to
us maybe we should have said yes it's
always an afterthought when something
like that happens and in terms of people
want to give their customized or mats or
speakers how's that done with on your
website or stores or whatnot how does
that work with you know orders and stuff
well for me I like to have one-on-one
relationship with the client in most
cases tone merchants is my only dealer
because they are far and away a better
dealer than I've had with other
relationships inside the US and outside
since they're local I can always go up
and go meet the client and or they can
come to the demo room I'm finishing up
my new residents to try everything out
in person basically it becomes a
question of you have to know a lot about
what they're doing with their rig
effects volume settings EQ what guitar
what pickups and what they're missing in
their previous speakers and I go through
all that with them with six questions
over an email or in person
and then by the time they answer those
six questions I got a pretty good idea
either it's one or two speakers that
they need or they need a mix in some
cases so all righty well I don't want to
hear a little bit more for the m75 of JB
could become so kindly to play some more
tones for us
and now if people want to get more
one-on-one consultation with you or the
poem or its where should they go online
or how they can they contact you for
such things oh they can find me at WWE
you send an email to sales it's come
back speakers I usually respond within
half an hour to an hour most days
because I work from my shop so the
speakers are 50 feet away in the
computers 45 feet away so I don't get
away from it they get an answer pretty
quick or they can go to tone merchants
talk to Dave or Rob or Travis or jmr
it's always a pleasure hanging out with
you thanks a lot hearing your speakers I
appreciate a gale problem thanks for
coming by hey this is Chris Keys L AM
shell 2010 you're watching premiere
guitar calm